Feature/change parameter type (#29)
qbeyond/terraform-azurerm-archetype-lib: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

## [4.0.0]

### Changed

> - changed parameter type from to string since
> - changed deschription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- changed type of parameter `virtualNetworkResourceId` from array to string, because multiple Ids weren't working and used anyway. Use multiple policy assignments instead.
```
